Add RST spellcheck (#524)
ansible/ansible-documentation: README.md

## Building Ansible community documentation

Follow the documentation to [set up your environment](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#setting-up-your-environment-to-build-documentation-locally) and then [build Ansible community documentation locally](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#building-the-documentation-locally)

## Using nox

This project includes a `nox` configuration to automate checks and other functions.
You should use `nox` to run checks locally before you submit a pull request.

Install `nox` using `python3 -m pip install nox` or your distribution's package manager.

> Run `nox --list` from the repository root to view available sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `nox --list` from the repository root to view available sessions.

Run `nox` with no arguments to execute the default sessions.
```

## Building Ansible community documentation

Follow the documentation to [set up your environment](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#setting-up-your-environment-to-build-documentation-locally) and then [build Ansible community documentation locally](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#building-the-documentation-locally)

## Using nox

> This project includes a ``nox`` configuration to automate checks and other functions.

Reviewer: Markdown only uses one set of backticks unlike RST:

```suggestion
This project includes a `nox` configuration to automate checks and other functions.
```

> We recommend that you use ``nox`` virtual sessions to run checks locally before you submit a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `nox` to run checks locally before you submit a pull request.
```

Install ``nox``.

    # Install nox with pip
    python3 -m pip install nox

    # Install nox on MacOS

>     brew install nox

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
Install `nox` using `python3 -m pip install nox` or your distribution's package manager.
```

Run ``nox --list`` from the repository root to view available sessions.

## Running the spelling check

This repository uses ``codespell`` to check for common spelling mistakes in the documentation source.

Run ``nox -s spelling`` to check spelling.

Run ``nox -s spelling -- -w`` to correct spelling errors.

If you want to run spelling checks without ``nox`` do the following:

    # Install codespell
    python3 -m pip install -r tests/spelling.in -c tests/spelling.txt

    # Check spelling

>     codespell docs/docsite

Reviewer: I would remove this part. I don't think we need to document two ways to do the same thing.

Author: Sounds good. I'll add a link to the codespell project page so users can figure out how to do their own thing if they wish.
